# AE-Queue-Management-Guidelines
Capstone project for Operations Management Certification
Problem/Opportunity: Academic Editors need clear guidelines on how to manage their queues in different capacity circumstances. They also may appreciate having some context about how those decisions are made and how their queue management behaviors affect other AEs and customers. The current guidelines are written from the perspective of the capacity managers, which may introduce some terminology descriptions of practices that are not well understood by editors. The goal of this project is to revise the current AE guidelines to be written from the AE perspective.
Strategic Alignment: One of the company goals is to increase our impact by growing AJE professional services. Effective AE queue management works toward this goal by optimizing the flow of papers into and out of AE queues.
Recommendation: Revise the AE queue management guidelines from the AE perspective via the use of AE focus groups so that the guidelines are clear and to achieve a balance between queue management practices that give AEs some autonomy while allowing the distribution system to work optimally.
Evaluation: This project will be evaluated by the accomplishment of certain milestones, such as forming a focus group of AEs, collecting information, revising the AE guidelines, finalizing the guidelines among stakeholders and communicating the revised guidelines to TMs and AEs. Success of the project will be measured by (1) how often AEs are asking for help in Slack after we implement the guidelines; (2) whether TMs are having trouble finding work for AiTs because established AEs have too much work locked in their queues (% AE work claimed metric on Ops dashboard); and (3) feedback from AEs on whether the guidelines are clear and effective.
